package to see
-tools
-mapreduce-project
-hdfs-project
-common-project


innovatative system
reach nearer nearer to that people,business person,investor through points 
if point is meet can setup meeting
Stack,paypal,facebook,alibaba,yahoo ,google architecure 


The data generated by our systems and machines can 
save customers billions of dollars.

facebook user 3 million users 

Distributed database:
Different branch offices have different databases and different branch database is linked to main database .

Database Warehouses

 Operational Databases
 
 A distributed multi-purpose NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values.
 Distributed Graph Database
 
 odes can reconnect, sync, and reconcile differences after being disconnected for long periods of time  
Enables new distributed types of applications and data

Can handle graphs of several billion nodes, relationships, or properties on a single machine

Do more operations in memory, using disk only periodically.
Distributed memory object caching
Data items are versioned
Handing  server failure 
Automatic indexing, version control
Read/write support across multiple data centers
Can scale from one node to several thousand nodes clustered in different data centers.
Travere entire or part of trees and graphs of records in few milliseconds
Open, extensible type system


Can store up to 150,000 records per second on common hardware
Document based database the relationships are managed as in Graph Databases with direct connections among records. You can travere entire or part of trees and graphs of records in few milliseconds
  
Neo4j can handle graphs of several billion nodes/relationships/properties on a single machine and can be sharded to scale out across multiple machines
   
   
It can be used as a single in-process database bound to a location on the local disk or within a cluster of networked database instances communicating and sharing data in a P2P (peer-to-peer) fashion. Key Features of HyperGraphDB include: * Storage of generalized hypergraphs. * Open, extensible type system. * Basic query system and graph traversal algorithms. * Out-of-box support for Java object storage. * Thread-safe transactions. * P2P framework for data distribution.
   
non-relational, distributed, open-source and horizontally scalable.
schema-free, easy replication support, simple API, eventually consistent / BASE (not ACID), a huge amount of data and more.
no single points of failure, 
	
BigTable design in the form of cell-based access control, improved compression, and a server-side programming mechanism that can modify key/value pairs at various points in the data management process.
	
horizontally and vertically scalable, relational, partitioned row store, document store 
	

	
	serializable transactions with just-in-time locking. Misc: uses a buffered storage system to commit all data to disk immediately while perform rich indexing in the background.
