DATA WAREHOUSING
The Foundation for Sharing Business Knowledge

MARKETING APPLICATIONS
Power Marketing with Individualized Insights
BIG DATA ANALYTICS
Make Data-Driven Business Decisions

category of data that can ot be saved in relational data base is the best candidate for big dinosaur
there are lotd of data that is genereated that is unflexible to save in relatiopnla data base system 

Put urs unstrucure data in bigdinosaur dabase ,therea can be logs files 
store millions of emails and scanned documents   

if you have a lot of data you do not know what to do and you do not want to loose it.

if you have a massive amount of unstructured data.  Unstructured data is very rare.  A few examples might be...  Email, Poorly designed log files, twitter feeds, every web page in the world, things you would normally put in a BLOB but at such a scale that would break a RDBMS

oday the terms "Big Data" and "Internet of Things" draw a lot of attention, but behind the hype there's a simple story. For decades, companies have been making business decisions based on traditional "enterprise data". Beyond that critical data, however, is a potential treasure trove of additional data: weblogs, social media, email, sensors, photographs and much more that can be mined for useful information. More and more organizations are therefore looking to include non-traditional yet potentially very valuable data with their traditional enterprise data in their business intelligence analysis

Every one know hadoop is better for batch job or offline compute, but there also have many related real time product, such as hbase.

If you wanna choose a offline compute & storage arch.

I suggest hadoop not MySQL cluster for offline compute & storage.


Highly scalable distributd  framework  yahoo has a 400 nodes cluster 
extreme powerful in terms of computation ,sorts tera byte of random integers in 60 secs 


Map reduce algortihm sharing data between one another 
This structured data is typically joined with unstructured content such as web logs, clickstreams, social media, email, sensors, images, video, etc, enabling business analysts to seek answers to questions that were previously impossible to ask.

Sentiment analysis;
Marketing campaign analysis;
Customer churn modeling;
Fraud detection;
Research and Development;
Risk Modeling;






Apache Sqoop is a well-proven approach for bulk data loading. However, with the growing number of use-cases for streaming real-time updates from MySQL into Hadoop for immediate analysis, we need to look at complementary solutions.

In addition, the process of bulk loading to and from tables can place additional demands on production database infrastructure, potentially impacting performance, measured in predictable throughput and latency.

The Hadoop Applier is designed to address these issues to perform real-time replication of events between MySQL and Hadoop.


Puting log some where and transferring log on hadoop clusters 
Replication via the Hadoop Applier is implemented by connecting to the MySQL master and reading binary log events as soon as they are committed, and writing them into a file in HDFS

unstructured files like images ,videos 